== Mother's Day is Coming Up

Mother's day is difficult.  Your options are as follows:

1. Arts and crafts.  This really only works if you are either a) 0-9 years old, or b) a professional artist.  Also, paper cuts can be nasty, glue tastes too good to avoid and is apparently toxic, and the last time I made anything out of macaroni the department of health put a bubble around my house.

2. Go out to eat.  Mother's day is the most busy day of the year for restaurants.  That means rushed food, squeezed service, special 'holiday' menus with higher prices, and being close enough to your neighboring dining party to hear about their Aunt Gertrude's foot fungus.

3. Compete with siblings to buy the best gift.  And if you're anything like me, you have a massive inferiority complex with your siblings who are taller, handsomer, and make much more money than you.  This always ends up with you buying her a chair and him buying her a car.

So pretty much 0 for 3 there.  Instead, work with your siblings (or not) and send your mom a collection of videos, images, and notes on her special day!

== Primary Use Case

This application will allow users to create a Mother's day page that will get e-mailed to an e-mail address specified on Mother's Day.  Prior to that day, users can collaborate on the page that gets sent out by uploading videos, pictures, and notes.  

Here is the basic work flow:

Jane starts a page for her mother, Lin.  She uploads a few things.  She wants her brother, Justin, to contribute as well.  She gives Justin's e-mail to a form on her page, and the application e-mails Justin with a link to create a user who will be tied to that mother's day page.

Note that some of us have grandmothers and great-grandmothers, and are even lucky enough to have multiple mothers.  The relationship between users and 'celebrations' (the awful model name I chose for a mother's day page) is many-to-many.  

==Notes

The structure of tables is held in a .sqs file in doc/mothers_day_schema.sqs .  .sqs files hold schema tables in xml format.  I am able to parse it with SQLEditor (http://www.malcolmhardie.com/sqleditor/), which unfortunately you have to pay for.  However, I woudl imagine there are other programs that can parse it.  A google search tells me that .sqs can also stand for a script file for a Cold War computer game called "Operation Flashpoint".  I can't recommend trying to use this file for that purpose.

Thanks, and happy Mother's Day!